CRTX-111308: DBotGroupXDRIncidents (#35720)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_59.md

#### Scripts

##### DBotGroupXDRIncidents

> Fixed an issue where 0 XDR incidents returned an error message instead of an empty list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where receiving 0 XDR incidents resulted in an error message instead of returning an empty list.
```
